ECPf wrap-up (#7900)
Mbed-TLS/mbedtls: docs/driver-only-builds.md

`PSA_WANT_ALG_SHA_256` and `MBEDTLS_PSA_ACCEL_SHA_256` defined, and
`MBEDTLS_SHA256_C` undefined.

In addition to these compile-time considerations, at runtime you'll need to
make sure you call `psa_crypto_init()` before any function that uses the
mechanisms provided only by drivers. Note that this is already a requirement
for any use of the PSA Crypto API, as well as for use of the PK, X.509 and TLS
modules when `MBEDTLS_USE_PSA_CRYPTO` is enabled, so in most cases your
application will already be doing this.

Mechanisms covered
------------------

For now, only two families are supported:
- hashes: SHA-3, SHA-2, SHA-1, MD5, etc.
- elliptic-curve cryptography (ECC): ECDH, ECDSA, EC J-PAKE, ECC key types.

Supported means that when those are provided only by drivers, everything
(including PK, X.509 and TLS if `MBEDTLS_USE_PSA_CRYPTO` is enabled) should
work in the same way as if the mechanisms where built-in, except as documented
in the "Limitations" sub-sections of the sections dedicated to each family
below.

In the near future (end of 2023), we are planning to also add support for
ciphers (AES) and AEADs (GCM, CCM, ChachaPoly).

> Currently (mid-2023) we don't have plans to extend this to RSA of FFDH. If

Reviewer: Maybe I'm wrong, but I think that FFDH is actually supported thanks to the work done by Przemyslaw. Isn't it?

Author: You're absolutely right, there's a PR with "FFDH driver-only" in its title, which I reviewed and merged, not sure how I could have missed that! Probably because we did it more for uniformity with the ECDH case, to ease maintenance by avoiding special cases / half-done things, than because there was real demand for it (as opposed to ECC), so my brain didn't connect the dots. Thanks for the catch, I'll fix this!

`MBEDTLS_ECJPAKE_C` is enabled, you can enable:
- `PSA_WANT_KEY_TYPE_ECC_PUBLIC_KEY`;
- `PSA_WANT_KEY_TYPE_ECC_KEY_PAIR_BASIC`;
- `PSA_WANT_KEY_TYPE_ECC_KEY_PAIR_IMPORT`;
- `PSA_WANT_KEY_TYPE_ECC_KEY_PAIR_EXPORT`;
- `PSA_WANT_KEY_TYPE_ECC_KEY_PAIR_GENERATE`;
without `MBEDTLS_ECP_C` provided the corresponding
`MBEDTLS_PSA_ACCEL_KEY_TYPE_xxx` are enabled.

[Coming soon] If `MBEDTLS_ECP_C` is disabled and `ecp.c` is fully removed (see
"Limitations regarding fully removing `ecp.c`" below), and you're not using
RSA or FFDH, then you can also disable `MBEDTLS_BIGNUM_C` for further code
size saving.

### Limitations regarding fully removing `ecp.c`

A limited subset of `ecp.c` will still be automatically re-enabled if any of
the following is enabled:
- `MBEDTLS_PK_PARSE_EC_COMPRESSED` - support for parsing ECC keys where the
  public part is in compressed format;
- `MBEDTLS_PK_PARSE_EC_EXTENDED` - support for parsing ECC keys where the
  curve is identified not by name, but by explicit parameters;
- `PSA_WANT_KEY_TYPE_ECC_KEY_PAIR_DERIVE` - support for deterministic
  derivation of an ECC keypair with `psa_key_derivation_output_key()`.

> Note: when one of the above options is enabled, you can still `MBEDTLS_ECP_C`
> in `mbedtls_config.h`, and it will still result in some code size savings, but
> not as much as when none of these are enabled, as a subset of `ecp.c` will
> still be included in the build in order to support these.

Reviewer: Maybe it's me, but I would rephrase it as follows: 

```suggestion
Note: when any of the above options is enabled a subset of `ecp.c` will
automatically be included in the build in order to support it. Therefore
you can still disable `MBEDTLS_ECP_C` in `mbedtls_config.h` and this will
result in some code size savings, but not as much as when none of the
above features are enabled.
```

We do have plans to support each of these with `ecp.c` fully removed in the
future, however no established timeline. If you're interested, please let us
know, so we can take it into consideration in our planning.

### Limitations regarding restartable / interruptible ECC operations

> At the moment, the is not driver support for interruptible operations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment, there is not driver support for interruptible operations
```
